r/s3_bucket_website_configuration: add `routing_rules` parameter to assist in configuring rules with empty string values (#24198)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: .changelog/24198.txt

```release-note:enhancement

> resource/aws_s3_bucket_website_configuration: Add `routing_rules` parameter to be used in-place of `routing_rule` to support configurations with empty String values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/aws_s3_bucket_website_configuration: Add `routing_rules` parameter to be used instead of `routing_rule` to support configurations with empty String values
```
